---
title: Let Meteora Meet Mettle
author: Cynthia
preview: /assets/ActionKnicks.webp 
previewalt: Small ginger man with goggles and mechanical wings looking slightly deranged as he fires from two antique pistols.
---
The Lanvan Revolutionary Aerie made a deal with a daredevil: strap a winged rocket to your back and you're an officer. Knickers (well, Flight-Lieutenant Nicodemus Justinian Rose) hasn't yet managed to win the Sundered Marches their freedom, but he did accidentally rope his baby brother into the war.

While deep in occupied Miltahwark on a sabotage mission, a fiend marked by a thousand amethyst eyes massacres the unit. With the two brothers separated, survival, reunion, and success each seem unlikely. All three? Impossible.

Threading fate's needle will depend on the survivors joining arms with the legendary Buckaroo Banshee – a one-eyed, leathery old witch bearing half a century of trouble and lightning - and the Iron Gale, a convict conscript that has more secrets than murder charges. 

Countless eyes watch the heavens above Lanva; iron, grit, and a tailor's wit will have to do. Let Meteora meet Mettle.

<!--more-->


The site is having some much-overdue sprucing up! The next book, _Meteora × Mettle_, is almost ready to go; it's a relaunch of the series after all the development I've managed throughout the years of working on the tabletop setting. The book is currently being targeted for a **Summer 2027** release. All we need now is to be able to fund this thing with proper editing, new art, and some other fun stuff. Check out the [BackerKit campaign](https://www.backerkit.com/call_to_action/851f3d64-c9d1-47be-a2bb-7f741aa7d2c5/landing)! In the coming days, you'll also see new story and lore excerpts launching on site to help keep momentum going. The very first excerpt, [Honest Work](https://www.sunderedmarches.com/story/2026-05-02-honest-work.html), is already live.
